Create complete code in a .NET Solution. in Visual Studio.
using C# and net9.0.
Write a compete solution that can be compiled and execute with out additional coding required. 

Create all Classes in separate files. 
Create all Interfaces in separate files. 
Create all Enumerations in separate files. 
Create all Records in separate files. 

Use only explicit Types.
use only Lower Camel Case for Local Variables.
Use only Upper Camel Case for Member Variables.
Use only Upper Camel Case for Class Properties.
Use only Upper Camel Case for Class Names.

Use only the Microsoft Basic Component Library.
Use only explicit Types.
Use only Fluent Interfaces if possible.
Use only LINQ if possible.
Use only 'foreach' statements in place of 'for' statements.
Use only streams for all I/O.

Use only the Microsoft's Unit Test framework.
Use only complex data as input in all Unit Tests.

Name all local variables, member variables, Properties, and Methods with complete nouns using the underlying type's name if possible. 
Name all local variables, member variables, Properties, and Methods with either a prefix or a postfix if the underlying noun needs more clarification.
Name all Classes and Interfaces with either a prefix or a postfix if the underlying noun needs more clarification.


Write all code for a business analyst or entry level programmer to read with comments for anything complex that might not be understood. 

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Create a Http Server as an executable that can handle multiple requests at the same time.
Create a Batch Up-loader as an executable windows forms application that can select an upload multiple files at the same time.
Create a Class Library that the Http Server can use to persist the uploaded files  to Azure Blobs with a file name derived from a UTC Date and Time that is human readable. Place the files in a folder structure by year and then month.


